# 跟着美剧学英语

## allow - I'm not allowed to do that. (01/27/2020) 
> Allow me in.
>
> > Will you **allow me in** to apologize?
> >
> > **Allow me in** to clean up the classroom.
> >
> > Need your cigarette lit? **Allow me**.

> This warrant allows us to search the premises.
>
> > Then **allow me to** take advantage of your situation.
> >
> > I don't **allow** porn at home.

> But I will not allow myself to be in this for you.
>
> > I **allowed myself to** feel sorry for her.
> >
> > Finally, I can **allow myself to** relax.
> >
> > Mindy **allowed herself to** buy some expensive clothes.

> I'm allowed to take the stuff home to test it out.
>
> > It's okay, you'**re allowed** one mistake.
> >
> > **Are you allowed to** talk to me like that?
> >
> > My lawyer says you **are not allowed to** talk to me.

> I can not allow for that.
>
> > Why does God **allow for** all the suffering that goes on?
> >
> > You rely too much on the precedent, you never **allow for** the unexpected.

> alleged - allegedly
>
> > alleged murderer
> >
> > The only witness to this **alleged murderer** is you.
> >
> > Your son's **alleged** suicide attempt.

## alone - Just leave me alone. (01/27/2020)

> You're not alone.
>
> > Son, **you're not alone**, and you'are not sick.
> >
> > All I'm saying is that **you're not alone**, all right?

> I don't want to do it alone.
>
> > A: I don't have a partner. B: Just **do it alone**.
> >
> > Some people want to **do it alone**.

> Just leave me alone!
>
> > I didn't mean to kill him. I just wanted him to **leave me alone**.
> >
> > Don't **leave me alone** with him.

> She can barely take care of herself, let alone her kid.
>
> > He won't be getting out of bed, **let alone** leaving the country.
> >
> > I couldn't afford my rent, **let alone** pay a bunch of medical bills.